# Requirement meeting 3

**Date**: 2021 DEC 12

**Attendees**:

+ Chris DC (pwnOrbitals)
+ Chris R (xionbox)
+ Greg H (gregh)

## Action items for next meeting

+ [ ] *Everyone:*
+ [ ] Chris R:
+ [ ] Chris DC:
+ [ ] Greg:

## Action items of previous meeting

+ [x] *Everyone:*
    + [ ] Figure out which simple low-collision hashing algorithm we could use
          for the tables in version 0.1 (requirement 1.x)
+ [ ] Greg:
    + [ ] Start working on the Rust project with the `specs` repo as a submodule
    + [ ] Investigate whether Flatbuffers could be used to write tests, or if another
          framework can be used to write generic tests in several languages to avoid
          cloning the test suite for each supported language
    + [ ] Write 1.6 sub-requirements (Digital shape model data shall be storable
          for any arbitrary shape)
    + [ ] Find existing file shape format for our need, or define a new one, or find
          a solution for that
+ [ ] Chris R:
    + [ ] Create Github issues to start the specs
    + [ ] Update requirements on language support tiers
    + [ ] Proof of concept of maps in specs
+ [ ] Chris DC:

## Discussion

1.
